Authors: Drew Jaqua & Wes Johnson 
Date: 02/24/2014

Feature: Usage Stipulation and Agreement

	Scenario: Accepting the Agreement
	GIVEN the machine is powered on and the usage agreement is displayed
	WHEN I choose to accept the usage agreement
	THEN the agreement is hidden and I can proceed to the "Viewing Ammunition"
		feature.
	
	Scenario: Decline the Agreement
	GIVEN the machine is powered on and the usage agreement is displayed 
	WHEN I choose to decline the usage agreement
	THEN the agreement is hidden and a message indicating that I ~MUST~ agree
		to use the machine under the aformentioned terms is presented for 
		10 seconds, and then the usage agreement is presented again.

Feature: Viewing Ammunition
	All a firearms enthusiast, I want to be able to view all ammunition
	dispensed by this machine.
 
	Scenario: Viewing General Ammunition
		GIVEN that the machine is powered on
		WHEN I look at the machine's screen,
		THEN the app displays ammunition dispensed by this machine.
   
	Scenario: Viewing Out-of-Stock Ammunition
		GIVEN that the machine is powered on
		WHEN I view ammunition which is out of stock
		THEN the app visually indicates that the ammunition is out of stock

	Scenario: Viewing In-Stock Ammunition	
		GIVEN that the machine is powered on 
		WHEN I view ammunition which is in stock
		THEN the app visually indicates that the ammunition is in stock

Feature: Purchasing Ammunition
	As a firearms enthusiast with some extra cash, I want to be able to 
	purchase ammunition dispensed by this machine.	

	Scenario: Purchasing In-Stock Ammunition
		GIVEN the machine is powered on
		WHEN I choose to purchase ammunition that is currently in-stock
		THEN I am prompted to present identification to verify my age.

	Scenario: Purchasing Out-of-Stock Ammunition
		GIVEN the machine is powered on
		WHEN I choose to purchase ammunition which is current out of stock
		THEN the app visually offers an apology 

	Scenario: Purchasing Ammunition with Authorization
		GIVEN the machine is powered on and the ammunition I have chosen is 
			in stock
		WHEN I am prompted to present identification to verify my age
		THEN the app determines that I am 18 or older and proceeds to 
			"Dispensing Ammunition" feature.
 
	Scenario: Purchasing Ammunition without Authorization
		GIVEN the machine is powered on and the ammunition I have chosen is 
			in stock
		WHEN I am prompted to present identification
		THEN the app determines that I am under 18 and visually presents 
			an explaination of the laws and an apology.

Feature: Dispensing Ammunition
	As a firearms enthusiast, I want to be able to pay for ammunition I have
	chosen to purchase.

	Scenario: Dispense ammunition to authorized user with sufficient funds
		GIVEN the machine is on, the ammunition I have chosen is in stock,
			and I have been authorized
		WHEN I provide a sufficient amount of money to the machine
		THEN the app allows the machine to dispense the ammunition.

	Scenario: Dispense ammunition to authorized user with insufficient funds
		GIVEN the machine is on, the ammunition I have chosen is in stock,
			and I have been authorized
		WHEN I provide an INSUFFICIENT amount of money to the machine
		THEN the app visually displays an apology and prompts me to either
			try another payment method or cancel the transaction.

	Scenario: Cancel transaction
		GIVEN the machine is on and I am being prompted for payment
		WHEN I choose to cancel the transaction
		THEN a message is displayed thanking me for the business but an
			apology for not closing the deal.

